Add summaries for the security models of attestations and trusted publishers (#17242)
pypi/warehouse: docs/user/attestations/security-model.md

# Security model and considerations

Since attestations are a framework for asserting certain facts about a package,
the security model of attestations depends on which types of facts are being
asserted.

> The most basic type of attestation (the type enabled by default in
> [`pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`][gh-action-pypi-publish]) asserts that the
> package was built by an authorized build process such as a particular CI
> provider in a particular code repository. This is primarily designed to protect
> against modification of a package *after* it was built such as while it is
> stored in a package index.

Reviewer: Nitpick: the default attestation asserts that the project was *published* by a particular identity, not necessarily built by it. This distinction is subtle but important: someone _could_ upload their own built to a GitHub Actions workflow and then publish it from there, which would be considered "valid" from a publish attestation perspective 🙂 

I've also expanded on the purpose of this type of attestation: providing integrity/authenticity is one of the purposes, but another equally important one is allowing users to verifiably observe changes in a project's publish provenance!

```suggestion
The most basic type of attestation (the type enabled by default in
[`pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`][gh-action-pypi-publish]) asserts that the
project was published by an authorized publisher such as a particular CI
provider in a particular code repository.

This type of attestation has two main purposes:

- It protects against modification of a project *after* it was built,
  such as while it is stored in a package index or mirror.
- It allows verifying parties to observe *changes* to the project's Trusted Publisher.
  For example, a verifying party might observe that a project's new releases
  are coming from a different Trusted Publisher, indicating that control
  of the project may have changed hands maliciously.
```

(Some more details here as well: <https://docs.pypi.org/attestations/publish/v1/>)
